=pod

=head1 NAME

F<BackupProg::Common::Def> is a class containing global values such as 
program name, version and so on.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

       use BackupProg::Common::Def qw(:Booleans);
       print true."\n";

       my $def = BackupProg::Common::Def->new();
       print $def->version()"\n";

=head1 DESCRIPTION

F<BackupProg::Common::Def>  is a module that any others can use. It contains
two sort of content : Constants and OO-ish values.

=head1 CONSTANTS

=over 4

=item false/true

These values try to emulate boolean like in C/C++.

=item null

Like the previous one, it is a C/C++ emulation.

=back

=head1 EXPORTED TAGS

=over 4

=item Booleans

This tag exports values of F<false>/F<true> and F<null>.

=back

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

For the OO-ish part of this module. You must use a constructor that takes
no arguments.

=head1 METHODS

Note : try to keep this list alphabetically ordered.

=over 4

=item F<string>: date

This accessor simply return the today's date and time in the form 
X<yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm>.

=item F<string>: progname

This accessor simply returns the program name.

=item F<string>: user

Returns a string containing the precess owner name.

=item F<string>: version

This accessor returns the version and revision of the program in the form
C<x.y.z-r>.

=back

=head1 KNOWN BUGS

None.

=head1 SEE ALSO

F<BackupProg::Common::Logger> which uses this values to print the log 
introduction.

=head1 AUTHOR

Jerome Pasquier <rainbru@free.fr>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Licensed under the term of the GNU GPL v3.

=cut
